---
title: Postcards4VA
date: 2021-07-26 15:18:00 -10:00
categories:
- event
tags:
- natel
- voters
is featured: true
main-image: "/uploads/postcards4va%20first%20row.jpg"
event-start-date: 2021-08-03 17:00:00 -10:00
event-end-date: 2021-08-03 18:00:00 -10:00
RSVP-link: https://us02web.zoom.us/meeting/register/tZUqce-rqz8jHN2mqRMWiDScFFE8JAeZH2Gf
---

READY to write to keep Virginia Blue?  In 2019 Indivisible Hawaii Blue Wave team with thousands of other volunteers and millions of voters turned the Virginia Legislature Blue, winning a majority in both Chambers.  The Democratic Legislature along with the Democratic Governor delivered for the voters with Medicare expansion, gun safety, ending the death penalty, and with increased funding for transportation, education and jobs.

Now we need to persist by reelecting and expanding our Blue majority in the November 2, 2021 Election.  We know that off, off year elections are decided by turnout.  We know that personal postcards to voters increases turnout. We know that our Blue Wave Hawaii team writes great postcards. Please join us to WIN.

You can start Today:
**Go to postcards4va.com and sign up**, choose a candidate you want to support, order postcards and start writing.  Or email natel+owner@indivisiblehawaii.org to arrange to get your postcards in Kailua and instructions. Get ready to mail first batch September 17.

**Need Training?**
Join us on a Zoom meeting for training, simple instructions and sharing powerful postcard ideas.  **You must RSVP** to receive zoom details.

When we Vote, We Win. When we write, We Vote. When we Text, We Vote. When we Call, We Vote.